Some More News: The Movie - Script\

And look at this thing I got. [picks up a GLOWING FX’D TIME DEVICE GOIN\u0027 WILD]And we have cameos hopefully. Actually let\u0027s write a line for a cameo and see who we can get.[David Cross, doing a Cameo, reading]Hey Braiden, your mom told me that you had a big boy day and you\u0027re also a big fan of my work in Alvin and The Chipmunks. She wanted me to tell you, happy poopy, congrats on the big proud poopy you made, whose a big good pooper now? Time to poop on David Cross\u0027s head is where you\u0027re gonna poop, he won\u0027t mind because it\u0027ll just add to the poop that his head already is, now that I have your attention Mr. Cross I am pleased to be able to express that I did not find any of your other films or performances quite enjoyable at all sir and in fact if I were to see you at your face I would say to you, \

CLIP [00:30:11:02 - 00:30:36:14] https://www.dropbox.com/s/u7hc0wap5z1s2or/Super%20Mario%20Bros%20%28HD%29.mp4?dl\u003d0Classic Mario, folks. We love it. We love Mario. So Mario Mario and Luigi Mario go to jail for interfering with the arrest. Where they are promptly mock-executed before being thrown into a literal cage. CLIP [00:33:00:02 - 00:33:20:02] https://www.dropbox.com/s/u7hc0wap5z1s2or/Super%20Mario%20Bros%20%28HD%29.mp4?dl\u003d0You know that level. The mock execution level of Mario. This is when they meet King Koopa, the ruthless leader played by Dennis Hopper with a ridiculous haircut…CLIP [00:33:27:11 - 00:34:37:02] https://www.dropbox.com/s/u7hc0wap5z1s2or/Super%20Mario%20Bros%20%28HD%29.mp4?dl\u003d0Ah yeah look at that germaphobe. Just a… ya know… facist leader, with the hair… who hates germs… [starts to click] That\u0027s right. It’s him. We can’t escape him. I tried. Even in the soothing grips of the classic and beloved Super Mario Brothers movie, this, fucking, president of a country. This country, somehow. The villain, in the movie. Who also happens to be super creepy with the ladies.CLIP [00:52:22:11 - 00:52:38:02] https://www.dropbox.com/s/u7hc0wap5z1s2or/Super%20Mario%20Bros%20%28HD%29.mp4?dl\u003d0A real Biff Tannen type… you know, who was also specifically based off of Donald Trump. The villain we all knew about. Hanging out in a golden apartment atop his weird tower with his name on it. He\u0027s the only person who does that, and we all, for decades, agreed that it was gross and stupid. And that he\u0027s just some rich prick screwing over the little guy. The worst parts of America, and people. Like a guy accused of sexual assault by tens of women and bragging about how he just grabs women because he thinks they let him and who, according to a sworn deposition by his ex-wife, got botched hairplugs by a doctor recommended by his then wife, and then pulled chunks of hair from her scalp and then violently forced her to let him have sex with her. Years later, she would say that she wouldn\u0027t describe it as \

Cause really, he’s everywhere. Like in Batman Returns, Christopher Walken plays Max Shreck - a funny-haired businessman with a dumbass son named Chip. When the movie came out, people immediately assumed it was a Trump parody. Because Trump was the villain then. Just like how he\u0027s the villain in the internationally beloved film Super Mario Bros movie. Not just as Koopa, but that Scapelli guy at the beginning too. He\u0027s both villains in the Super Mario Bros Movie. That’s just how we saw him. In 1989, the same year the first Batman came out, DC comics published an Unauthorized Biography of Lex Luthor… you know… the cartoon villain… in 1989, and this was the cover. Because, look, it’s like that real life villain. That we all know. And agreed, as a society, that they were indeed a bad person. Since the 80s. Donald Trump. You can’t escape him, ya know? You try to wind down with like, Gremlins 2, as we all do, and BAM… there’s Daniel Clamp, the evil real estate developer. Who was 100% based on Trump. Is he in Bill \u0026 Ted? Paul, did he ruin Bill \u0026 Ted? I don’t… think so? So thank god for that. But man, this knowledge really soils some classics. Like, remember TimeCop? Classic amazing film TimeCop? I’m fairly certain the villain in that is Trump-like. Hold on, lemme check real quick. [starts to stand up]OLDIE CODY APPEARS: OLDIE CODY: No, don\u0027t watch the Time Cop! [STATIC AS HE DISAPPEARS] Oh jeez.CAPTION: EXACTLY ONE HOUR AND 38 MINUTES LATERCODY 2020: TimeCoooop! [sits down] Okay so yeah. Bigly Trump stuff in that film. TimeCop’s villain is Senator McComb, played by Ron Silver, who is attempting to use the film’s time machine to better his political career. McComb alters time by meeting his younger self and becomes the frontrunner candidate for President of the United Timecop States of Timecop. But he’s not very good, Paul. And Jean-Claude stops him with splits and some hardcore softcore sex scenes that can only be found on PornHub. And naturally McComb ends up getting his past self thrown into his future self thus morphing him into congealed demon cum.CLIP [01:27:50:00 - 1:28:22:04] https://www.dropbox.com/s/tatfw484if5io9k/Timecop.1994.1080p.BluRay.H264.AAC-RARBG.mp4?dl\u003d0You know, as theorized by Einstein. Classic time travel. And while McComb doesn’t look like Trump or anything and you might feel like you’re safe. You know, he’s not nearly as on-the-money as King Koopa,  he does say a lot of hair-raising lines.CLIP: [Timecode from TimeCop] 0:29:02 - 0:29:40 https://www.dropbox.com/s/tatfw484if5io9k/Timecop.1994.1080p.BluRay.H264.AAC-RARBG.mp4?dl\u003d0[eating popcorn] Hey stop eating the nuts you’re doing a movie scene, Ron. So, McComb is established as an anti-immigration rich guy who doesn’t need the mainstream media to help him win the election. Also…CLIPS “Country’s going down the drain because of special interest” \u0026 “like the 80s” lines. [0:50:52 - 0:51:10] https://www.dropbox.com/s/tatfw484if5io9k/Timecop.1994.1080p.BluRay.H264.AAC-RARBG.mp4?dl\u003d0Gonna be like the 80s… again. We just need a guy so rich that he can’t be bought. We just gotta stop these uh- what did he say?CLIP [21:06 - 21:28] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003d4CVTuOyZDI0Yes, thank you. Very interesting, Timecop. Anything else?CLIP: 0:34:30 - 0:34:43[white supremacist party on the news] https://www.dropbox.com/s/tatfw484if5io9k/Timecop.1994.1080p.BluRay.H264.AAC-RARBG.mp4?dl\u003d0Aw yeah perfect. Perfect film, about a total fantasy world where white supremacists embed themselves in politics and the president is a rich anti-immigration sleaze. But hey, it’s like they always say…CLIP:  “Maybe he’ll calm down after the election” [0:51:38 - 0:51:45] https://www.dropbox.com/s/tatfw484if5io9k/Timecop.1994.1080p.BluRay.H264.AAC-RARBG.mp4?dl\u003d0Time… Cop. A now incredibly depressing film. Thanks, World. I really needed that sack-tap of tragedy.Cody looks down, finally discovering the device.Wait what’s this? Some kind of news? [inspects it] Nah that ain’t news. It’s just stupid trash. Looks unimportant, but still I’ll just… leave it here. Lean it on the side of my computer. Like a mounted rifle that may be of use later but that I doubt will be.

So it’s interesting, though not fascinating, that in this TimeCop future, everything is a tad bit more fascist, much like Super Mario. You know how in that Koopa police state, Mario Mario and Luigi Mario assault several police officers, steal a cop car, and go on to lead an anti-fascist resistance against the oppressive empire - eventually assassinating the leader after infiltrating his skyscraper… also known as goddamn Koopa Tower. Jesus.CLIP [00:42:56:11 - 00:43:06:02] https://www.dropbox.com/s/u7hc0wap5z1s2or/Super%20Mario%20Bros%20%28HD%29.mp4?dl\u003d0Classic. Super Mario. Stuff. Stealing cop cars. Starting fires. Mario, labeled a terrorist in an authoritarian state..  Man... I hope you watched it when I did. If it’s available. Which it is not. It\u0027s not in high demand. It\u0027s not very good. I mean we love it, it\u0027s great, or it\u0027s fine, it\u0027s whatever, it\u0027s a popcorn movie… with a hidden dystopian message in it, and that’s probably because it was made by the creators of Max Headroom before the studio got an outside writer to rewrite the script, sometimes on the day of shooting. If you don’t know because you’re not cool, Max Headroom was a fake talking head character that hosted a music video show and a short-lived talk show, a movie, various media appearances, and at one point advertised New Coke, America\u0027s Real Choice. Ironically, Max was a sort of parable for the rejection of soulless corporate media despite, well, being that.  Anyway, Headroom had that cyberpunk, cool 80s MTV aesthetic shared by a Bill and or a Ted adventure… or kinda aped in MegaRace, a game you just remembered existed. His origin is that of a reporter for the sinister Network 23, who discovers that their new subliminal advertising is literally exploding people, but the boardroom decides this is an acceptable risk on account that it only affects undesirables. CLIP [8:51 - 8:58] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003daZY-yQYVf38\u0026ab_channel\u003dKevinGalvayneProbably nothing relevant from the last or present about corporations hiding information from the public that they are killing people. But anyway, when the reporter tries to leak this information, he is incapacitated and his consciousness is put into a computer - inadvertently turning into the host of a rebel news station. All while making a pretty accurate prediction about Deepfakes and the internet in general.CLIP [48:15 -  48:23] [“People translated as data” at 28:25]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003daZY-yQYVf38\u0026ab_channel\u003dKevinGalvayne Max, while funny, was a sinister character, turninging from friendly TV face to the darkness of society on a dime.CLIP GOES HERE - Headroom x-mas clip with kids.Though originally produced in Britain, Max was specifically written to be an American. Hyper-masculine, Aryan, rude news dude. Not the good kind of news dude. A satire of the worst of media personalities, and just one more thing the regular news became a self-parody of.CLIP - 21:13 of link to O\u0027Reilly\u0027s “we’ll to it live” https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dGsDrXc94NGUI bring this all up just because, that\u0027s why the children\u0027s movie Super Mario Brothers movie, is like this. I mean they  nailed it.. And then came up with Koopa… another Aryan, American, rude and rich jerk. Which just so happened to make him exactly like Donald Trump. A copy of a copy of a satire of evil behavior. With a mother that looks suspiciously like Koopa’s wife/servant in the film? In a world that’s clearly doing a climate change…51:58 \

pCLIP: “The fungus is choking the city!” at around 0:32:40 - Super MarioIt kinda burns that this kids’ movie from the 90s, aimed at depicting the most cartoonish and obvious forms of evil, is depressingly relevant to today’s America. Like… remember that clip of Mojo Nixon getting arrested for playing music… it may have seemed like a really on-the-nose, over-exaggeration of a fascist police state, right? And then you remember that something like this literally just happened when the police stormed a peaceful violin vigil for Elijah McClain.CLIP [0:45 - 0:50] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dD0ETxIdMNCcCLIP [0:30 - 0:40 TOP OF PAGE VIDEO] https://www.classicfm.com/music-news/elijah-mcclain-violin-vigil-police-tear-gassed-children/Classic Mario stuff. Great movie. Everyone loves that Mario Brothers movie with all the fascism and 9/11 imagery. Mario. TimeCop. It’s all the same, apparently. I should probably watch more movies because what else is there to do. We’re just waiting for death anyhow. So let’s pop in some bullshit while we do that...OLDIE CODY (V.O.): Wait! Stop, little Cody!2020 CODY: The heck was that?OLDIE CODY APPEARS IN THE PiP.OLDIE CODY: It is I… you. From the fu… ture! 2020 CODY: Who are you?OLDIE CODY: I have just identified myself as you from the future. Just a moment ago.2020 CODY: Pshh… nice lie, Paul. How do I know you’re really me?OLDIE CODY: I mean-- I’m clearly you. Like, a you, but all grey and stuff. Really obviously just you- I don’t know…2020 CODY: How did you know my name?OLDIE CODY: Are you not-- I’m you-- okay let’s reset. Listen, it uh… I guess it doesn\u0027t matter who I am even though I’m clearly you and it’s weird you’re not getting that. Whoever I am, I’m here to warn you about grave mistakes of your past and future. You are going down a dangerous road, little me. But never fear. I have provided you with the means to change yours and my past.2020 CODY: You mean this little chode of a device I found? [holds up device]OLDIE CODY: Yes, that’s the one. That little chode. I’ll need you to follow my exact instructions… if you plug it into your USB drive, the device will communicate with your modem… taking the hardware and compressing it into a single, digital form. That form will then travel at great speeds toward the space-time barrier, bending matter and jumping backwards in time… enabling you to communicate with your past self. I call it Facetime. 2020 Cody: ™OLDIE CODY: CR. See, the device works with multiverses. So you can change your past freely without damaging the timeline… as opposed to the Bootstrap or Predestination or, as we scientists call it, the Bill \u0026 Ted paradox scenario where history is inevitable.OLDIE CODY holds up his own time device.OLDIE CODY: Right now I have it set to TimeCop on the side here. That means we can only go back in time. And every time I go back, it creates a new universe and then moves our consciousness over to it… junking the previous universe. It’s why I can’t remember us having this conversation from 2020, because I’m technically creating your brand new timeline just this moment. I birthed you. Like a God would.2020 CODY [not listening]: Exciting stuff, thanks.OLDIE CODY: I made a picture if you’d like to see it.2020 CODY: No, I’m good.OLDIE CODY [rambling on] Anyhoos, I also have a Bill \u0026 Ted setting on the side here if you want to use it... but it’s very dangerous to switch over while you’re time travelling because it will collapse into a predestination timeline where all the multiverses happen at once. Very dangerous and important for you to know. I\u0027m sure it won\u0027t come up, but I need you to have heard that...2020 CODY: Yeah no I remember junk it’s cool.OLDIE CODY: It is cool! In my time, two years from now, it’s basic science!2020 CODY: You know you don’t have to talk so much. Anyway, I’m not-- two years? -- Anyway, you enjoy dicking that device but I like… got a show to do, and you’re kinda sucking the air out of the room? You know? It’s not called Some Old News… with Oldie Johnston. 

OLDIE CODY: Don’t you understand? You could be like Ron Silver.2020 CODY: [excited] In the pictures!? You mean it?OLDIE No, Christ, like go back in time and tell yourself stuff. Like what I\u0027m doing, now. I\u0027m calling you, to adventure, through time. Though it seems like you\u0027re going to refuse that call.2020 CODY: Psssh. Enough of your wild ideas, old man! What even would I use it for? To give my past self a time device, like you? No, I think I\u0027ve got more to say on Super Mario Brothers and TimeCop. Because I have a lot of thoughts.OLDIE CODY: [very sad] Ohhh...2020 CODY: It’s just… infuriating that we’re living in the absolute worst timeline, imagined by screenwriters. Stuck inside with all the smoke and virus we can eat. Ain’t it like… a bummer? Feels surreal, and also, fuck. I mean look at this place, is this fucking Apocalypse Bunker News? Like do you even remember what it looked like when I started this show? It’s been uhhhhhh… rough. Remember when I used to joke about me going over the edge? Well here I am, lord of the edge. And I don’t even have my goddamn nice backdrop. I should have left it at home before the pandemic. Wish I could go back in...[snaps fingers] I got it! I’ll use the time device that useless old gross stranger gave to me! OLDIE CODY [in background]: My name is Cody.2020 CODY: It’s like, ring ring… who’s there? Adventure on line one! Yes, I accept all charges. Am I right? Then I’ll get the backdrop and we can finally have a real goddamn show for once.Cody picks up the device and jams it into his computer.Okay let’s just plug this…OLDIE CODY: Wait! I have some very specific instructions for you or else you\u0027ll kill-- BOLTS OF ELECTRICITY! WET TIME MACHINE NOISES! CUT TO A CLEAN-SHAVEN 2015 CODY - Sitting and looking at his computer. [to himself] Ah yes I’m so into Googling this upcoming Gods of Egypt film and listening to, I dunno, Psy or something. Because it’s 2015. I’m very excited about Gods of Egypt.[computer tones, Cody peers at screen] What the heck-oh-gee is Zoom? Why is it on my…He clicks a button, and on the screen 2020 CODY appears in the corner2020 CODY: No, Cody, stop! Don’t eat that sandwich.2015 CODY: I’m not eating a sandwich.2020 CODY: Okay well stay away from any sandwiches for a while. Trust me, I’m from the future. I’m you from the future.2015 CODY: Are you turning into a werewolf? 2020 CODY: Just shut up. Shut the fuck up for once in your life you absolute fucking air-suck shut your harping maw and focus your sponge brain on what I have to say. Listen. Shut the fuck up for once and just listen to me, Cody. In 2016, Donald Trump will be elected President Of The United States and it’ll be just… a very weird bummer. A real Wait What Boo-Hoo Wah-Wah. For like, everyone. Even people who think they\u0027re happy about it. And there will be a pandemic that he’ll completely whiff, and then no one will be able to go outside for a really long time. So I need you to get a pen and write something down for me. 2015 CODY does as toldOkay, stain, write down… Dear Much Better Cody Of February 2020, Coronavirus will get worse and as you know the president not so good… so don’t forget to bring home your good video backdrop from the studio. Didja get all that?2015 CODY: Yeah, uh, what do I do with this?2020 CODY: Keep it on the fridge or something, use your fucking brain, man. Okay, thanks - see you never.THE FEED CUTS OFF.Oh also invest in Tesla-- aw damn he’s gone. Oh well. [looking around] Come on, eat me raw, time travel. OLDIE CODY: Nooooooo!IN THE BLINK OF AN EYE, CODY’S GOOD BACKDROP IS SUDDENLY BEHIND HIM. 2020 CODY: What? Oh, hey it worked! That gleaming fuckface finally did something right! We cut over to OLDIE CODY, who is VANISHING PAINFULLY.OLDIE CODY: I couldn’t stop it! I couldn’t stop it! Owwww! Owie! Ow! Owie!More screams as he FULLY DISAPPEARS. 2020 CODY: Oh shit. That old man died. And you know I’m starting to suspect that he might have been me from the future so that’s--- probably bad. I don’t understand… all I did was get my old backdrop back. I did it for him, for us. And this is how he thanks me? By not existing? I mean come on, who\u0027s the asshole here? [looks behind him] And it looks great. I wonder if there’s other things I can fix this way.

He types on the computer and once again USES THE TIME DEVICE.Once again we see 2015 Cody.2020 CODY: I’m back, slut-brain.2015 CODY: Why are you so mean to me?2020 CODY: Listen, shut up, I have another idea. Remember how I said that Trump is president and everything is bad right now? 2015 CODY: Yeah it was a rather shocking detail you just breezed past...2020 CODY: Well I need you to shut up and stop Trump from winning the election by just… tweeting as hard as you can about it. Tweet like there’s no goddamn tomorrow. Can you do that?2015 CODY: Well hold on… if he’s as bad as you say, as bad as Trump would obviously be because he’s, ya know... Well then why can’t the Democrats just impeach him or…2020 CODY [visibly frustrated]: Cody, I really need you to not ask shitty questions right now…2015 CODY: Hey how do the new Star Wars movies turn out? I’m pretty excited to see them. 2020 CODY: We can’t-- this can’t be about Star Wars. I’m sorry. I have a lot to say about that and I\u0027d love to, but okay so here are my top ten issues with-no I can’t-- I’m sorry. Did you hear what I said about the tweeting? About Trump?2015 CODY: He becomes the president. Of a country. This country. How does that happen? This like an Idiocracy thing? Did we just get dumber?2020 CODY: Well in Idiocracy they actually listen to the expert about the water shortage. So I guess, we’re worse than that? But also not really because that movie has a weird eugenics vibe in that it laments rich smarties not being able to breed while the poor dumb-dumbs pop \u0027em out. But it is kinda like Idiocracy in that if you ignore the opening narration and the conclusion, the problem wasn\u0027t actually about low intelligence, but their cruelty and boredom. [\

Running Man timecode: 0:20:00 - 0:20:222020 CODY: Yes, how outlandish for the president to have a talent agent, they once said, a game show host and his elderly supporters cheering on with cruel glee at protests and journalists being met with police aggression, Fox News celebrating protesters getting hit by cars, boomer twitter, everything James Woods says. Not to mention that protests over food and a lack of it is something we might see on the horizon as food banks are now being overwhelmed and also climate change. And the guy leading the horror is a reality TV star obsessed with ratings while people literally die on his watch. A thing… that is kinda happening. Now. But with less aerobic dancing. But not… much less.CLIP [1:13 - 1:44] https://vimeo.com/17304944\tThese movies looked at whatever the worst of their era was… and thought: wouldn’t it be a bummer if our future cultivated the darkest ideology of today? And then produced something vaguely Trumpian. Because… and I really can’t stress this enough… a lot of the villains of this time were based around specifically Donald Trump, specifically. 2015 CODY: Why are you talking to me like you\u0027ve already told me that? But yeah even Sesame Street had a Muppet character named Donald Grump who has regularly appeared on the show since the late-1980s. His plotline being that he was a greedy slum-lord who tries to take over Oscar The Grouch’s trash can and replaces it with Grump Tower.CLIP [2:47 - 3:20] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003d5FeyDm4vrFo\u0026feature\u003demb_logo2020 CODY: Of course. Because they knew. They all knew.2015 CODY: Yeah, they knew that if you needed to teach children the baseline version of why greed is bad, all you have to do is show them Donald Trump. Everybody knew. It was a joke. Ah yeah we all know about Trump, the cartoonishly evil guy! Let’s get Joe Pesci to play him!CLIP [0:04 - 0:10] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dIZ05oOZiZOA\u0026feature\u003demb_logoBig laugh as Trump spits on Elmo. Which, in fairness, we all kinda want to do, I mean look at him. Mediocre trash felt. But of course, it’s a parody, folks. The real Donald Trump wouldn’t spit on a child.CLIP [0:30 - 0:33] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dhciMzgn1P8AOh no there he is. Spitting on a child extra in the outtakes to the Little Rascals movie. Didja catch it? Let’s watch it again. Because it’s amazing.CLIP [0:30 - 0:33] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dhciMzgn1P8AThat’s not a scene from the movie that he’s acting out. It’s an outtake where, after he was supposed to eat popcorn during the scene, well, then, in an outtake, spat it out. And if you look, down at what he spat it on. It’s a child. See the bit in the scene was that he, a billionaire, was stealing a nearby woman’s popcorn. Because he’s a bad person. You get it? Then in an outtake, when the scene was over, he went ahead and spat on a child. He spat on a child. Spat right on a child. The guy that apparently will be the future president?CLIP [0:30 - 0:33] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dhciMzgn1P8A2020 CODY: Yeah man. That’s why you gotta tweet. Don’t forget to tweet. It’s on you now. 2015 CODY: I swear I’ll tweet as hard as I can. Rock hard. 2020 CODY: You fucking better. Now get going, you little scamp - I can take it from here. Go play Bloodborne or whatever you losers do in 2015.2015 CODY: Maybe I’ll take the dog for a walk.2020 CODY: Don’t forget to wear a mask. 2015 CODY: What?2020 CODY: Just wear a fucking mask, okay?[2015 CODY hesitantly nods] Uh… sure.2020 CODY: Love yoooou. 2015 CODY: Uh, love you too. 2015 CODY HANGS UP.2020 CODY: Oh wait also buy stock in Tesla-- damn he’s gone. Whatever.And now we’re back to 2020 CODY.2020 CODY: So that Little Rascals clip is the second half of the joke, by the way. Which I guess is called a punchline. The joke that Donald Trump is a villain, that we were all making in the 80s and 90s, was a joke that Trump was in on. He’s a wrestling heel. Like literally one. I mean, technically he was the Face but come on. It’s part of why his supporters like him. Their ruthless, troll President. Not really getting stuff done, but like… telling it like it is. Pissing people off. Grabbin’ them pussies. We love it. It’s part of that whole resentment toward experts and the elite, the weird fantasy that Trump is like the Bugs Bunny to the Left’s Elmer Fudd. If Bugs Bunny was actually Montana Max. Because he’s not any of those things. He’s the humorless’s version of a comedian. The dumb guy’s smart guy. Like… he had a cameo, along with fucking Anthony Scaramucci, in the Wall Street sequel. A film about, ya know, greed. 

CLIP [0:17 - 0:38] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dcKZp-V1Uwtk\u0026feature\u003demb_logoOh right and I forgot to mention… he’s a terrible, terrible actor. Not that that really matters. And also the scene was cut. And also, Donald Trump made ridiculous demands on exactly which angles and lighting he was to be filmed with, so I guess we just watched the “him looking good” version. And also he forces filmmakers to put him in their movies if they film on his property, which is probably why he shows up in Home Alone 2. Because again… he sucks. Although it\u0027s important to be fair and balanced ™ c r. So it\u0027s time to check in with our \

The other and more hilarious method of denial of what art is about, is to either pretend to or actually misunderstand what these films are trying to say. And then insist that these films and stories are actually about the things they dislike. Did I mention this method is hilarious? It often starts with some K-Mart intellectual blurting out a deeply confusing statement like how “didja notice that this election is just like Star Wars and if the Dems win they’re gonna shut down the GOP like the Separatists and it’s gonna be like that Order 66!” Which I guess implies that Mitch McConnell is Nute Gunray? And is Biden Palpatine? And he and McConnell are secretly working together? But then this totally hypothetical person, pot committed to his or her half-baked theory, just has to keep jamming square pegs into the round hole… adding that “oh and coronavirus is like the Death Star and AOC is Jar-Jar! So many parallels!” even though the Death Star came way after Order 66 which came after Jar-Jar who was on the good side. Like Jar Jar hung out with the Jedi so are the Dems also the Jedi? And also the Death Star was like a weapon they built so are you saying that the Democrats who are the Empire but hang out with Jar-Jar made the coronavirus as like… a weapon to wipe out large populations or is it possible you’re just assigning bad things to stuff you personally don’t like? You know, like a child might do. But don’t worry, this totally made up thought champion is gonna tap into the extended universe to concoct his or her genius metaphor. Like I said, hilarious.But most of the time they don’t even have to make this much effort to be funny. Most of the time the moral just grotesquely passes through them like a veiny ghost dick.CLIP [0:11 - 0:36] https://twitter.com/RationalDis/status/1284151003999350791Aw yeah, do it Tim. See the trick is simple if you’re stupid. You simply look at the villain of a movie, blank out literally everything that comes out of their mouth, and then conclude that they are exactly like whatever type of person you don’t like in real life. CLIP [0:36 - 0:57] https://twitter.com/ClipsDave/status/1285751762788347909CLIP [1:33:30 - 1:34:11]   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dvdZU4HKSxHsSo, a few things here. First of all, Thanos isn’t like anyone. Not on the left or the right. He’s an eco-terrorist with a magic glove that killed half the universe. Eco-socialists have very specific and easily Googleable policies that don’t include genocide. And Utilitarians believe in making decisions that minimize harm for the greater good, which also isn’t genocide. Also…[PART WHERE HE SAYS SUPERHERO VILLAINS ARE UTILITARIAN]Wow yes, you know all those Utilitarian villains in superhero films? Such as, with Marvel, the six evil businessmen trying to steal technology, several monster gods trying to assimilate the universe, a handful of people trying to get revenge, and one demonic nazi. Doomsday, Steppenwolf, the God of War Ares. Clearly all evil utilitarians, just making decisions off of maximizing good things, and limiting bad things... a reduction of harm… that’s what I think of when I look at the fucking Riddler. [rubbing face] Good fucking god how do these people watch movies? Is it like a fugue state where every villainous character dissolves into a Ben Garrison drawing of AOC? What Seussian contraptions lead from their sensory cavities to the reasoning part of their rattling, hamster brains? Is there some kind of magic wand that will make me forget they ever existed?Kinda makes you wonder what the older, Robo and TimeCop watching generation think the message of these films are… you know the people who probably voted for Trump, or are literally Donald Trump… who in 1997 described Bloodsport, as “an incredible, fantastic movie”. Do they see Doogie Howser in his Nazi uniform and think “oh how stylish! What a fun action romp I’m having!” It just must be a real bummer, to make films like RoboCop or Starship Troopers or Total Recall and then watch the messages go completely over their heads, Paul… Verhoeven… who I’ve been talking directly to this whole time. Also my past self I guess, I don\u0027t know, it\u0027s stupid.

Also, neat fact for Paul, Trump has actually gone on record saying that Citizen Kane is his favorite film and uh… I kinda feel like he might be watching that a little differently than us? But also, he’s probably lying and just watches Bloodsport and Hard Target a lot and like, come on Don, just say that. It’s probably your best and only good quality and you shouldn’t hide it. At least then nobody can pretend you don\u0027t mean it when you suggest we nuke the hurricane, a thing you definitely wanted to do.SUDDEN STATIC - MORE TIME MACHINE NOISES as the signal gets lost.We can see 2021 CODY, EXTREMELY DISHEVELED. His face is very close to the camera, and he appears to be RUSHING around his apartment.2021 CODY: Can you hear me? I said can--He cuts in and out, the signal weak2020 CODY: I’m sorry folks, it looks like we’re having technical difficulties… 2021 CODY: Cody! Hey dipshit Cody! 2020 CODY: Who are you, sir? Why have you taken over my computer?2021 CODY: It’s you from the future!2020 CODY: What’s that young man?2021 CODY is coming in clear enough to be obviously a future Cody2021 CODY: I’m YOU from the FUTURE!2020 CODY: Look I can’t hear you, I’m gonna put on another movie.2020 CODY starts clicking his mouse…2021 CODY: Motherfucker don’t shut me off---2020 CODY: Ooooh! New Bill and Ted!CAPTION: Exactly One Hour And 33 Minutes Later2020 CODY: My goodness, that film is extremely relevant to everything we’ve been talking about. It takes place in present time, with an adult Bill and Ted, who were led to believe in the previous films that they would write a song that would unite the world. And the reveal is that they didn’t actually do that. This older, comfortable generation realizes they didn’t fix the world. And everyone in the future is super mad at them because time and space as we know it is going to unravel unless they come up with the song. An existential threat, as it were. And so instead of doing the work, they travel into the future to steal the song from their future selves… kicking the can further down the road… insisting that they will surely fix it.CLIP: Bill \u0026 Ted saying “we’re gonna fix it!”Only to discover that their future selves are terrible and bitter and are actually the villains of the film… along with a group of future people who think the solution is to actually kill Bill and Ted. You know, the older generation needs to die before the problem can be fixed. It’s a real “facing the music” situation. And boy… that’s familiar. As if writers and directors and artists know that the blind optimism and lack of action in the 80s and 90s is coming around to bite us all on the ass. You know, like how climate change is rapidly approaching and in fact currently happening, as evidenced by me simply looking out my window to see billows of smoke. And that’s not new. That’s been on our mind for a while. CLIPS OVER THESE PARTSTotal Recall is about an evil corporate dictator trying to maintain control over Mars resources. Waterworld, Mad Max, the grand Super Mario Brothers of course, and you can’t forget the charred wasteland in Max Headroom.Who by the way, was played by Matt Frewer. You might know him as one of the dads in Honey I Shrunk The Kids or the Trashcan man in the 90s adaptation of The Stand. Another story about the world ending from viruses and stuff but honestly who has the time. You gross nerds might also recognise him as Berlinghoff Rasmussen… an eccentric time traveller from the Next Generation episode A Matter Of Time. He shows up just as the Enterprise is attempting to regulate the climate on an alien world, adjusting the carbon dioxide levels so that the planet can survive. And ol’ Berlinghoff claims he’s there as a temporal historian to witness the event… constantly hinting at some kind of imminent disaster relating to the uh, climate of this planet. And Picard flips the flip out and tries to get this guy to tell them what mistakes they might make. And in the end it’s revealed that Berlinghoff is actually from the past, found the time machine, and has been literally just pocketing shit he finds on the Enterprise. You know, just a grifter… playing off peoples’ fears of a dying planet, hoarding whatever he can in the process-- I dunno seems relevant, Paul.

These are all older films and TV that knew this would be an issue of the future. Because, much like the villain Donald Trump, we had been talking about it for decades, but not actually doing anything about it. You know, like how all these films put a scientist, Jeff Goldblum-type into the mix... who no one listens to, and ends up being right. And yet at the same time we did that exact same thing about climate change and a whole lot of other stuff. So global warming was a pretty easy guess from films like Soylent Green and I dunno, Solarbabies. Does anyone remember Solarbabies? Should I watch Solarbabies to see if it’s any good? Ok, hold on… CAPTION: Exactly 90 Minutes Later…Back to Cody, looking somehow more tired Nope. No that was… that was terrible. It’s just a bunch of nonsense… there’s an orb… and rollerskates. Don’t ever watch Solarbabies. Although it did have obvious Nazi villians in it and was about the re-education of youth to condition them to a cynical world plagued by climate change. You know, slowly normalizing horrible things for kids instead of changing them. Might be something to ponder. And how movies love obvious Nazi villains, and have inadvertantly trained people to not recognize or acknowledge fascism unless the people in charge specifically dress like nazis. As if Trump doesn\u0027t do fascism or represent a fascist movement unless he literally gets a Hitler mustache and does the hand thingy… and in a way this is part of the whole normalization process where if it doesn’t explicitly look or sound like past evils then enough thick-domed grifters can lull you into believing it isn’t the same thing and sure… this isn’t specific to Solarbabies but I really need a reason to have watched this film for the video so don’t take this from me. Anyway, this concludes our segment titled…Not Much To Report About The Movie SolarbabiesBoy o-Paul, these movies loved Nazi stuff. Just look at this adorable goddamn fashy fashion. And remember Barb Wire? No? No you don’t and you’re kinda shocked I’d bring it up? Well that film takes place in 2017 during the Second American Civil War. And the bad guys are literally just Nazis in that film. Like they didn’t think they would be some new faction of cyber-fascists or the robot KKK but rather just dudes dressed like Nazis. And there’s a whole plot line with Xander Berkely where he begins the film as a dirty but honest cop who almost gets swept in with the Nazis when the Nazi soldiers come into town and take over for the police as they hunt down a resistance. Like take over the streets, and start kidnapping people they deem to be criminals. Because wow, along with Nazis, these films of course have some stuff to say about the police and capital punishment. The aforementioned Running Man, Stallone’s Judge Dredd, Escape From New York, they’re all about… you know… it\u0027s been a long time… hold on...CAPTION: Exactly 7 Hours LaterOkay well I just remembered that I did watch Running Man recently but oh well I watched it again. Threw is Escape From L.A. as well but it turns out I… didn’t… need to. So yeah it\u0027s all futures where prisoners are murdered in elaborate, fascist, and often for entertainment ways. And only one of those series actually ends with a hopeful revolution, as opposed to the main character simply getting away from the problem. In the case of Escape From LA, Plissken literally shuts off all the power in the world and sends us into the dark ages and that is our happy ending. Because he concludes that humanity is no longer savable. Despite surfing with Peter Fonda. That’s somehow not enough for him. And the films cover a whole spectrum from satirical to only a little self-aware to not at all self-aware. Like startlingly un-self-aware. You remember the 90s Judge Dredd, the best Judge Dredd that’s about judge-cops who are allowed to literally deal out death to street criminals without a trial? Imagine that, go ahead. You can do it. Just imagine. Anyway, in that film, Stallone gets framed for murder and ends up at the judgin’ end of the system… witnessing first-hand the injustice of a police state. And then, after he is absolved… this...

CLIP [0:21 - 0:35] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dkcD_lHIEGxo\u0026ab_channel\u003dPeterAlbrechtIs that Diane Fucking Lane? Anyway, good point character from Judge Dredd, let\u0027s just change the people who are on the council, that\u0027ll fix the problem of the city\u0027s police force being able to deal out death sentences without a trial. It’s amazing how so many cop films are unironic versions of other stories pointing out that cops are, in fact, bad. And in some cases, the same story. Obviously you can compare Judge Dredd to its modern counterpart for a flawless example of this… but also with his futuristic gun and rigid interpretation of law, Stallone’s Dredd is sorta the un-satire version of RoboCop too… a movie that perhaps we should also address… the movie about an emotionless automaton programmed to protect corporate interests in the name of the law okay I guess I\u0027ll check it out.CAPTION: Exactly One Hour And 43 Minutes LaterOkay so Robocop-- you know what? I should probably check out RoboCop 2 as well…CAPTION: Exactly One Hour And 57 Minutes LaterOh man RoboCop doesn’t do much of anything in that one and it was somehow longer. But we do discover RoboCop’s secret weakness… which is magnets because he’s, ya know, a robot. I better finish the series. See where it’s all going. CAPTION: Exactly One Hour And 44 Minutes LaterOkay wow there’s somehow even less of him in that one? And his face is different. Why is his face different? It’s like they got another actor, which is impossible because he’s played by RoboCop. But I do think I have a handle on the series now. Collected all the RoboCops [pointing to head] up in here. Got all the RoboCops.So the villain of the Robot-Cops is Omni Consumer Products, a company that’s made a deal with the city of Detroit to privatize the police in exchange for OCP building high-end real estate in poor neighborhoods. And it’s revealed that the company is actually working with criminals to bring up crime in order to justify their police force and bring down property values- man, gibberish I tell ya. And the result of police inciting violence to justify their actions, more crime over time, like a cycle of some sort. A symbiotic relationship between criminals and corporations and police... who cause even more violence with their presence…CLIP [2:31 - 2:46] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dFdyyps2wmd4\u0026ab_channel\u003dpassenger47XAw yeah way to stop that gas station robbery, Robot Cop. Total fantasy. No reason to watch the RoboCops, totally not relevant films. And as the sequels progress into Robot-Cop The Twice, the Detroit police become more and more aggressive. Go on strike and let the city get enveloped with crime. Like really weird child crime? Like really weird. Child crime. CLIP [1:17 - 1:32] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003doM_pv0gqCIQ\u0026ab_channel\u003dJohn5788Aw funny, trying to arrest someone who is already dead or dying. How outlandish. Anyway, this is all because the police refuse to do their jobs because of their pensions. You know, because no police, no peace… is what they say… not in RoboCop that’s actually real life now. Total fantasy… real life is. And so as the state fails to support the police it becomes more and more corporate. Again, all fantasy. And instead of finding creative, perhaps diplomatic solutions, OCP just keeps trying to make even better RoboCops in order to edge out human empathy. Militarizing the police to disastrous, but also pretty bitchin’ results. CLIP [1:25 - 1:35] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dNJIjNs_s2NI\u0026ab_channel\u003dMovieclips And then you, of course, get to the beloved Robocop 3 and it’s straight up about police evictions and a people’s resistance. Also he fights a ninja in that one. Best Robocop. Best one of them all. Best Robocop. Everyone knows this about Robocop 1 and Robocop 2 and Robocop 3.CLIP [0:57 - 1:01] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dREItHTPjCF4Perfect film. That people have seemingly forgotten the message of. Along with all the lesser Robocops. And all the films I’ve mentioned, and will mention. 

We’ve just spent decades dancing around all these ideas. This line between an authoritarian police state and a scrappy resistance. A Trump-like leader. A battle between the Left and the Right. Because it feels like there’s always been, in the back of our collective pop culture heads, this partisan juncture we were destined to face. This point in history all these movies were talking about when things would get really bad, and we’d dabble with the idea of mask off authoritarianism in some form. Like even the dystopian movies that parody the left, like Demolition Man - aka the future liberals want: the movie - is about a facist PC safe space cancel culture world that gets terrorized by an evil criminal who does kung-fu to the sissy police until we’re blasted back to sanity with edgy Denis Leary standup. CLIP [0:16 - 0:35] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dmjoSQ-lCA58Demolition Man timecode: 1:25:55 - 1:27:00They want to ban cow farts, folks! But hey at least they\u0027re social distancing. These aren\u0027t just from the 80\u0027s and 90\u0027s, of course. Pluto Nash, a movie you may have never thought about until just this moment, weighed in with a reference to Hillary becoming president… as well as a nod to Donald Trump not being a president. That’s right. Pluto Nash takes place in a world where Hillary won. It’s the anti-Super Mario Brothers or something. And like both Demolition Man and Pluto Nash are kinda also optimistic views of the condition of the world? Like the world itself is really technologically advanced and kinda fun? Same with Bill \u0026 Ted’s future. And what I assume that Tomorrowland film is about, but I dunno I’ll never watch it. It’s all connected maybe. I’ll make a pinboard about it later. Probably.By the way, all of this stuff isn’t just movies. But also like, books too. The word movie. Back in 1991, two guys named William Strauss and Neil Howe wrote a book called Generations that not only used the exact word Millennials, but specifically predicted a Crisis Of 2020. This wasn’t a wild guess but rather based on looking at patterns in our history, concluding that 2020 was most likely the year in which, quote, the nation’s public life will undergo a swift and possibly revolutionary transformation, and also, Americans will feel that the fate of posterity - for generations to come - hang in the balance, and also, the danger will lie in any attempt by aging Silent [generation] leaders to get too much in the way of the thickening forces of history - for example, if an eightyish President or Supreme Court insists of scrupulous process at a moment when younger generations begin to coalesce around the need for decisive action.The 70s and 80s and 90s churned out dystopian fiction, because there was a looming idea that things weren’t going to go that great for the newer generations. But they didn’t know exactly what it would be. Storms, aliens, a virus, Donald Trump being in charge. Perhaps a killer shark or two. It was almost as if we were being purposefully raised to expect an apocalypse. It wasn\u0027t on purpose of course. An older generation of a population was merely expressing anxiety of a looming massive crisis while instilling the expectation of one in its younger generations. And if you think about all these movies… they always take place either during or after the crisis. It\u0027s always reacting to the disaster itself, not the coming of the disaster. It’s almost as if, because they certainly weren’t going to change… and just continue to trash the environment and gather massive amounts of wealth… they knew, subconsciously, that all of their kids would have to prepare for whatever disaster they caused… but not actually stop it from happening until the last possible second. You know, like a mayor ignoring a killer shark.CLIP: Bill and Ted “we’ll fix it” And they freaking drilled that into us. Like, one of the first movies people my age most likely remember seeing is a film about a dry, dystopian world on the brink of definite… as in guaranteed, extinction… where a group of children desperately flee for their lives against a cannibalistic monster who killed the mother of the main character. And yet they continue on, despite the fact that everyone watching absolutely knows their society is doomed. It was called The Land Before Time and adults made us watch that. Its plot is no different than any of the Mad Max films… except somehow less hopeful. And it’s how the Millennial generation started.

They even showed us the \

2020 CODY: Hunger what business?2015 CODY: Hunger Games. The Hunger Games. You know, it’s like a hit movie right now.2020 CODY: I have no idea what that is.2015 CODY: Yes you do. You’ve seen it. I’ve seen it. The Hunger Games… Mockingjay… Part Two. You just saw it. I just saw it in the theaters. Was it really that forgettable?2020 CODY: You saw it in the what?2015 CODY: Look, I don’t think you went back in time to do bits. There’s this whole dystopian young adult craze going on right now. The future is not bright, and so on. You know, except for Tomorrowland, which just came out but I’m not gonna see that. 2020 CODY: Nor will you.2015 CODY: Hunger Games is the one where they sacrifice young people in order to maintain the status quo. And like there’s this old white guy running things and then Jennifer Lawrence leads a revolution, but actually just turns out to be a pawn for this other lady who promises this revolution but actually just wants to do the same thing as Snow… another Hunger Games but like… to the other side. And Jennifer Lawrence realizes that while one side, Snow’s side… is obviously worse, it’s ultimately all a part of the same oppressive machine designed to fuck over the masses. It’s just hitting the ball back and forth. Ya know, like if one side of the political spectrum was like “free healthcare is slavery! Blue Lives Matter!” and the other side was like “healthcare is a human right! Reform the police!” but really dragged-ass on those things to the frustration of their more progressive base. Is there anything like that now with Trump or am I missing the mark here?2020 CODY: No, I think you’re in the ballpark.2015 CODY: Also, these new films all have teenage to young adult protagonists. And that’s interesting. Like we used to have dystopian heroes in their adulthood, usually some swolled up action star or the occasional plumber… but then we replaced the suffering hero for the plucky young Katniss Everdeen or whatever the name of the person in The Maze Runner is- I’m not going to Google it, Cornoobius Puzzlehawk or some such. The writer of the Hunger Games specifically based the novel off of reality TV and war coverage, so you know, it’s not like they didn’t know what they were doing. That the dystopia of tomorrow would in fact be a weight mostly carried on the shoulders of the young. 20-somethings dying due to some elaborate system built by adults-- [looks OC] Cops are outside, I gotta go.2015 CODY is GONE2020 CODY: Great kid. Go get coppy. And ya know, going-to-jail Cody is right. Like even though the Hunger Games is about war, it applies to the rise of stuff like mass school shootings as well. The youth of today sacrificed to maintain the status quo, as they also are in relation to climate change. There’s even a scene in that film when a little girl, who happens to be black, is killed senselessly because of the system in place… and her family and community rise up against the police and get sprayed by hoses and tear gassed.CLIP [5:42 - 6:30] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003ddo1smOv8rf4HUNGER GAMES TIMECODE / FULL RIOT SEQUENCE: 1:43:28 - 1:44:38Total fiction scenario... of course. All of it. Sci-fi dystopian fantasy it is. And like… jeez… why don’t they protest peacefully, am I right? Damn looters and vandals, ya know? And like, pretty darn interesting that everyone in The Hunger Games knows that The Hunger Games suck. I mean sure, there’s the Karen district with Zazzy McShineTooth… but the people being subjugated in the other districts know, and are angry, about being subjugated. And compare that with films like Brazil or Logan’s Run or something like 1984 or the good people of Dinohattan and how those films portray a subdued populace who have bought into their oppression while the few sensible are labeled as terrorists. In these new films the people immediately know it’s bullshit. It’s as if we don’t have time to be cautionary so much as reactive. It’s the Bill and Ted series going from “your music is going to change the world someday” to “if you don’t do something in the next 70 minutes then the world will end.”

BILL AND TED CLIP OR BUMPER CAN GO HEREAnd this isn’t the only end-of-the-world-genre that has upped the stakes since the 70s and 80s. While there are always exceptions, your average disaster blockbuster has gone from a movie about a single cruise ship sinking… all the way to a single cruise ship being all that’s left of humanity. I don’t really want to read too much into it, because escalation is the natural evolution of spectacle blockbusters - but it’s weird how we, the movie audience, are becoming slowly accustomed to tremendous body counts. And an almost certainty that the disaster will be world-ending, going from a quaint film about Bill Paxton and Helen Hunt fighting tornados all the way to the entire city of Los Angeles being sucked off by hundreds of tornados. It’s no longer Hollywood hunks like Bruce Willis or the extremely fuckable Robert Duvall blasting into space and saving the world from a single asteroid. The stakes have become bleaker and more man-made and more inevitable. Interstellar is about the world becoming completely uninhabitable because of climate change… the resolution isn’t to save the world but rather relocating a small percentage of the population. The solution is literally the villain of another film about the wealthy leaving the earth to die. We’re no longer saving the world, but celebrating the few people who make it out.NOTE: WE TALKED ABOUT A BUMPER HERE Or cutting somewhere early in the below paragraph for clips.Probably one of the most transparent, unbelievable examples of recent has to be Ready Player One, a film we’ve all already forgotten about despite being made by Jurassic Park. That film opens on a world plagued by poverty and drought and the Bandwidth Riots because it was written by an asshole. And since that’s how the movie begins, we figure it’s the main struggle facing these characters, ya know? That the world sucks. And because the world sucks so much, everyone is obsessed with this VR universe called The Oasis. And even though it’s 2045 they also care alot about pop culture from 70 years ago. You know like how all our online avatars are from Forbidden Planet and The Seventh Seal. The youth is so into The Seventh Seal right now. Then the main character goes off on a VR adventure where the entire Oasis company is gonna get Willy Wonka’d into the hands of whichever rad cyber-dude figures out the dead CEOs really obvious puzzles. And eventually the hero wins and gets ownership of the big corporation…and makes a rule that forces people to not be on The Oasis all the time...CLIP [4:13 - 4:36] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dhDQnMpLZjow\u0026ab_channel\u003dGreatFilmsandScenes Ready Player One film timecode: 2:08:50And then the movie just ends. Little thought to the fact that the world is still suffering from poverty and drought. But it’s a happy ending, you see, because the hero is now rich. And tells everyone hey now, stop living in the VR world every once in a while! Don’t ya know that reality is better? What with all the money and smooches I have? And that, seriously, is how it ends. The good guy got a nicer apartment, so we can all go home, I guess. And that’s incredible. Because it’s literally the unironic version of a Black Mirror episode. Like literally. Remember? It starred Daniel Kaluuya from Get Out, the episode was called Fifteen Million Merits, and was about a dystopian world where everyone is surrounded by screens, never seeing the sun, and forced to do labor to earn merits. And the main character begins to start a revolution, only to become part of the same system and ends up selling out after getting his own luxury life? The dark ending being that change isn’t possible when people get to the top and forget about all the people at the bottom. And that’s the point of the episode. Which is, and I can’t stress this enough, the same as the unironic happy ending to Ready Player One - a film made only seven years later.We’re supposed to be happy, because one guy we were following got rich… while the rest of the world continues to fall apart. We love our rich president, don’t we folks? Aw yeah you get your money and your dynasty, king. Literal king that we want you to be, us peasants.

And that’s a running theme these days. Most of our superheroes, for example, don’t live with the common man anymore. Rarely do the movies focus on their secret identities. They live in seclusion, famous, with access to amazing resources not shared by the world, and they cause massive deaths in the name of the greater good. I know I’m generalizing here but like… Tony Stark has an Arc Reactor that can power a city and doesn’t use it for that. Also he has flying machines, and super holographic computers. And then whenever we see regular people they’re still using laptops and driving around in cars? And like… thanks for saving everyone from aliens, but you have a machine that literally heals wounds and you’re not letting us use it. Machine that literally heals wounds 4 All.That’s from Avengers Age of Ultron, where a side-effect of their victory is a whole lot of people dying...  but not an even bigger amount of deaths that it could have been. A city rises in the air and thousands of people die, but it’s a win that the city didn’t also slam back into the earth. Great work, team. And sure, these films dabble in exploring the morality of this… but never draw a meaningful conclusion before moving on to the next big threat.Two films after Ultron, the villain in Civil War is Helmut Zemo - whose backstory is simply that his family was killed in the city at the end of Ultron and blames the Avengers for it. Because it’s absolutely the Avenger’s fault? Like, Ultron was created by Tony Stark, without much input from the government or like a vote or anything, and ended up killing a lot of people. And he should super be in jail for that. Instead, his punishment for causing that is hero\u0027s guilt. And while Civil War is all about whether or not the Avengers need to be regulated and punished… Zemo is still written as a villain. And the ultimate question of what to do about Captain Freedom and the Bloat and Metal Chap and the rest… well that never actually gets answered. The Civil War never gets resolved because Thanos shows up. Obviously that’s justified within the story… but like, the writers made the story up. They chose not to resolve that. Same for the DC Superman, and when Batman gets specifically peeved about Superman’s immunity to consequence, the film just introduces a hilarious goblin as a common threat and the subject is never discussed again. It’s very Bush-era politics when you think about it, where we justify any stamping of human rights with an argument that the terror is too great to bother with rules. And when you take away all the powerful bad guys coincidentally showing up before these debates can complete, you get a show like The Boys pointing out that both the Marvel and DC universes are actually dystopian. Like for the average person existing in them, they are a waking nightmare. And yet the films are framed from the perspective of the few people with absolute power. And that’s like, interesting, right? There’s a Socioeconomic theory called The Wave Principle… based on a book written in the 1930s… that is based around the idea that market trends cycle through waves based on the overall mood of a society. And this theory was later applied to pop culture, and how films can also reflect the stock market. Because popular films are an extremely good indicator of our national or global mood, what stories we want to see. You know, like how the Great Depression coincided with a rise of musicals and so on. And it doesn’t take a degree to look at how back in 2001, America was attacked in a previously-unfathomable terrorist act resulting in the death of thousands. An event that shocked the entire world. And then immediately after that we started making countless movies about invulnerable people single handedly stopping extreme threats. And as each film worked to one-up the last one, the stakes slowly went from Spider-Man saving Mary Jane from a mutated Power Ranger to Spider-Man saving the entire city of London. But you gotta get the bad guys. You gotta stop the murderer, even if that means the death of way more people. 

Do not get me wrong, Paul… These movies are all hella fun and junk, but they’re kinda propaganda too. They’re unironically what the films Team America and Starship Troopers were satirising. An all-American, stars and stripes team sucking down martinis in their fancy base, too rich to care, flying off in advanced vehicles to turn other countries into war zones in the name of stopping terror… with absolutely no oversight and a shocking amount of mistakes and casualties in the process. That’s literally both Team America and The Avengers.[MONTAGE - Avengers flying around, blowing stuff up, fighting terrorists - all set to “America Fuck Yeah!” song from Team America]Of course Team America also ends with a speech praising the necessity for American imperialism and world policing, so. But also, even the old symbols of oppression and horror are heroes now. Godzilla went from a literal allegory for the US nuclear bombing of Heroshima… all the way to a borderline superhero in the American remakes. CLIP [0:00 - 0:32] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dSD0eIByOgacWhy are you happy the world has ended. It’s just, ya know, interesting that the deaths of thousands of people, in a film, is seen as an acceptable sacrifice worthy of audible glee. As if that’s always going to be unavoidable, then we should be happy when it’s not literally everyone dead. This seems to have really started with Independence Day, a movie that\u0027s themes have absolutely nothing to do with Independence or freedom. It\u0027s only about not everybody dying.ID4 Victory isn\u0027t getting something or achieving something better or reaching a goal. It\u0027s not dying. It\u0027s just surviving.This of course was just one year after Jurassic Park killed the friendly dinosaur, and two years after dinosaurs, replacing a possible lesson from destruction, with just, the spectacle and inevitability of destruction. And it really feels like this is all pointing at the same, subconscious acceptance… the normalization of fascism, acceptable losses, and ultra-capitalism that led to someone like Trump becoming the President. Our first popcorn movie President, Koopa.SUDDEN BURST OF SPARKS - TIME MACHINE NOISES - AND ONCE AGAIN WE SEE 2021 CODYHe is ducked under a table, holding a hammer. 2021 CODY: Yes, it worked! Shut up! You have to listen to me, I don’t have much time. But I’m in the future and things have gotten so much worse. I know you tried to Tweet… but you didn’t Tweet hard enough. Cody, I need you to Tweet harder-- [looks O.C.] oh shit, they’re coming. I gotta move.2021 CODY starts dashing around the room - Blair Witch-style.2020 CODY: Hey how are the new Avatar movies? They come out yet?But 2021 CODY is too distracted to respond, ducking into his BATHROOM.2021 CODY [calling out]: You wanna tussle you fascist fucks? I’m tussle KING. Bear… fucking king tussle!He LEAPS up and the VIDEO CUTS OFF. HE’S GONE AGAIN2020 CODY: I said how\u0027s Avatar 2?But the video is already gone.2020 CODY: Rude. Okay well… thanks for that uh… special report about the future. Which from the looks of it… isn’t doing great.I know there’s been cynical generations in the past… generations that suffered even worse hardships. Like uh, the Hindenburg and pastel suits and probably other stuff between those two equally bad things. But the people inheriting the earth right now are under crippling debt, a pandemic, multiple terrorist attacks, mass shootings, this guy, access to endless information about everything bad in the world, and then decades of our pop culture telling them that we will see the end of days. I mean, we got Futurama so I guess that’s cool. And also I guess optimism in Tomorrowland but again, I’m not seeing that and never will. Never watching Tomorrowland. So like a frog on a hotplate we’ve just been conditioned to expect and accept the worst. Maybe crave it a little. I\u0027d kick ass in a zombie apocalypse. Etc. Survivalist porn. But until then, just feel doomed at every little thing that happens but also do nothing when the worst happens because, ya know, the world is fated to end, right? We’re Sarah Connor at the beginning of Terminator 2, screaming that everyone is already dead so it doesn’t matter…

CLIP until people are being literally kidnapped off the streets. And the guy responsible for it, the president, almost seems like just another character in another one of these films or TV shows and we’re just waiting to find out what happens next. What dumb thing he’ll say. What evil thing he’ll do. What the season finale will hold. Did you have virus on your Trump show bingo, etc. We can\u0027t stop watching. It\u0027s the popcorn show. The rise of streaming, of binging, of 24-hour news, of reality television, of social media, and our warped disgusting politics and have lead to this. Our popcorn dystopia just gobbling it down Doom scrolling through things that are happening in reality, sometimes feeling like a movie that we’re now watching passively… unable to do anything useful. We’re all side characters in a disaster movie, just a nation of featured extras, sitting in a theater showing the movie they\u0027re in, futily shouting at the screen that there\u0027s a disaster coming. And so we give in. Grab a drink, sit back, watch it all fall apart.Carlin ClipOf course, Carlin would also go on rants about how Bush is a fascist so I think he might have a… few issues with what\u0027s going on. Because there\u0027s a difference between having a front row seat to the freakshow, and having a front row seat at the freak show when the tent\u0027s on fire. Related to conservatives misunderstanding every movie they\u0027ve ever loved, I always think it\u0027s funny when they think Carlin would have liked Trump or whatever. I do\u0027nt think he\u0027d be  resistance lib, but, counterpoint, cliphere\u0027s my guess as to what the self-described rebel would have to say to the Law \u0026 Order president:Carlin just saying \

2021 CODY: Gotta tweet gotta tweet gotta tweet it out gotta stop these fucking tomato fascists!2020 CODY: Can you describe what’s happening in your timeline? How far into the future are you?2021 CODY: It’s like… January… 2021 I think. It’s hard to tell these days.2020 CODY: Jesus, that’s only months from now. What the hell is going on? Did the virus take us? Was there a nuclear war? Did Trump win again? Cody… [lowering voice] was it the boars?2021 CODY: Oh man it’s terrible. It’s just terrible. Everyone is super divided and angry and depressed and it\u0027s basically like the end of the world or whatever and climate change is getting worse. Politicians are doing nothing while Americans are protesting in the streets… being harassed by fascists. Police violence is killing people with no consequences. Civil rights being violated. And people on Twitter won\u0027t shut up and say I\u0027m right! [tweeting] Shove… your…2020 CODY: If you want them to shut up they can\u0027t also say you\u0027re right.2021 CODY: That sounds like something they would say, Supposed Cody.2020 CODY: Future Cody, who is the president?2021 CODY: I dunno man, it’s wild.2020 CODY: You mean Trump refused to leave office? They’re still counting the votes? Did they both die?2021 CODY: No, no… I just… I just don’t know. Didn’t look into it. Doesn’t matter. They’re all fascists, Cody. It’s all gonna fall apart. You’re gonna put sandbags around your doors and windows. Yell at kids at the park. You’re gonna drink yours, and other peoples’ piss. Lots of piss-drinking. Eatin’ salmon right out of the stream… unless you get on your little fucking phone and tweet even harder than you already have! You gotta tweet harder, Cody! Or you’re gonna end up just like me.[doorbell] Oh hold on, that’s GrubHub.2021 CODY briefly leaves the screen - you can hear a door being answered2020 CODY: You still have GrubHub?2021 CODY (O.C): Yeah man I got Chipotle. 2020 CODY: I’m really unclear about the exact nature of the apocalypse you’re actually suffering through. You really don’t know who won the election?2021 CODY: What does it matter? You’re either going to have four more years of the dinosaur Hitler or the useless fucking fungus. Don’t you realize that? Don’t you remember the ending of the Super Mario Brothers movie where Daisy shows back up for help even though they thought they saved the kingdom? 2020 CODY: Yes of course I remember and constantly think about the ending.2021 CODY: It’s because the fungus was a lie. It doesn’t actually do anything in the movie. The fungus merely exists, a past that has grown into the infrastructure of what replaced it. It\u0027s the old king, they it in the movie.ClipIt\u0027s the old ass king fungus fuck\u0027s fault Koopa became the dictator. They say \

2020 CODY: Like in that Star Wars episode we did.2021 CODY: The fuck is \

I only have one shot at existing again......and brings up 2015 CODY.He has a LARGE BRUISE ON HIS FACE.2015 CODY: Yeah what is it?2021 CODY: Hey pissant Cody, listen I need you to forget what I said about getting the backdrop. Just trash any--SUDDENLY, IN A BURST OF SPARKS, 2020 CODY appears on the screen as well.2020 CODY: Wait so you’re not future-me from this current timeline? I don’t die in a Costco?2021 CODY: Motherfucker you still might. Just not my Cosco!2015 CODY: Guys it’s like 4 in the morning here… I just got out of jail.2020 AND 2021 CODYS: Suck it up, prick.2020 CODY: Listen, prick Cody who sucks but still needs to further suck it up. Don’t listen to this man. I want that backdrop. I want it more than anything.2021 CODY: No! No backdrop, Cody! 2015 CODY: Okay you know what? I’m just gonna split the diff and throw my computer away. 2021 CODY: Time you say? Why, I have all the time in the world!2015 CODY: I didn’t--2021 CODY FURIOUSLY CLACKS AT HIS KEYBOARD…2021 CODY: If you don’t help me, I’ll find a dumb-shit version of you that will! 2020 CODY ALSO STARTS TO TYPE2020 CODY: Not if I can help it…THEY’RE BOTH TYPING NOW. FURIOUS TYPING.2021 CODY: Fuck you past Cody!2020 CODY: I’ll fuck you first!2021 CODY: Hot! I mean… No!BIG SPARKS! BIG NOISES! 2015 IS SLUMPED AT HIS COMPUTER, DEAD.2020 CODY: Oh snap, is he dead? Did we kill… us?VERY QUICK INDIANA JONES MAP OF 2015 CODY GOING DOWN TO HELL 2021 CODY: You know what? Screw this noise. 2021 CODY holds up his time device.2021 CODY: I’m switching to Bill \u0026 Ted mode where everything is predestined.2020 CODY: Wait, I seem to remember that being a bad idea where we collapse all the multiverses.2021 CODY: Absolutely fucked if I care, you cuck. Gonna totally trigger you by breaking time.HE FLIPS THE SWITCH.Breaking time…Breaking time…Breaking time...THE WORDS ECHO OUT AS ALL OF THE SCREENS GET SUPER BRIGHT. WE SEE THE EARTH - SPINNING RAPIDLY. Plants grow fast. Trees die. Time and space begins to bend.Fade in soft piano music.Scott Bugg (VO) (obviously this is all gonna be you, Cody, improvising shit): The ways and things about time are... really, they\u0027re, I mean wow, they\u0027re wild you know, held together like a strand of fabric to one of those thorny ball things you find in a bush, pulsing energy through the reasons of existence and matter, and light and birds, and me mates in the sky and the suns and I dunno and almost just about everything else, but not everything else. This cosmic event unraveling before every eyeball at once, is why time, and the traveling of it, is just another...We cut to Scott Bugg - his torso floating within the cosmos. A dark void. Or perhap dress him up like the guy at the opening to Zardoz and just do the opening to Zardoz please....Magnificence of Scientifics. Oh, and here’s some news… planets. And as always, our top story, math. Recently, the multiverse became one, and by observing this event I have now become a participant in it. So here, in other news, we now go live, to many, other, versions, of news Just one of the many, at least fifteen, alternate Codys that simultaneously exist in this one dwelling. Here I am, participating in the multiverse…Makes a few slow Karate chops.Do you see it? Look closer.We get real close on his hand as it spins, revealing the word “TIME” written on it in pen.Do you see it?Do you see it?Do you see it?Echoing words - static fades in. Until…Rock And Roll CodyCAPTION: Cozzy Johnzbourne - News Rude(British accent) ‘Eres some ‘ews. Some rock n’ roll news. ‘Resident Jagger has gotten backlash after being filmed refusing to salute the brave lads and birds who were about to rock. When asked for comment, our quite brilliant president said out loud, on the telly,“I like people who already rocked and are not simply about to rock.” Then he just scarpered off yeah.  And like... Are we even surprised? He’s a bloody wanker he is I’m britisssssh at wus news inniiit

CUT TOSea Captain CodyCAPTION: Cardy Jaaaarston - NewsfarerArrrr so rough seas ahead for our Captain In Chief. As we all know, tis the cruelty be the point of this admarnistration cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey. Hark ye, dear observers. Carefully now! For this old salt smells a mutiny of the highest order. We already be at loggerheads from stem to stern, permanently at close-quarters lest this air scurvy take us to the dark and deep.CUT TOBritish CodyCAPTION: British Cody - Parchment BlokeOi! Welcome to A Right Good Spot Of News. I\u0027m your host, British Cody, but a different kind of British than the previous British Codys you\u0027ve seen thus far. Our top story, today in West Hampfordshire Upon Bedstmummin, the Queen was quite knackered and in a bit of a bodgerwobby, fell asleep while in the lieu, leaving all of us chuffed to bits. Meanwhile, across the pond in America, (exaggerated American accent), cheeseburgers.I’m also British but like a different kind of British! Not much else to report besides that, love.CUT TOPulsing Ball Of Light CodyFear is but the salve which protects our egos. Our inability to ascend fully into the great light of the unknown, chained by our comfort in irresolution. Even now, cast from our mortal shells we are a slave to fear. Fear employs our unified consciousness like a vast and dark tapestry. And in other news, Orb President looked directly into the great cosmic yawning which pulsates infinitely through our intangible collective, despite all of our Orb Scientists advising him not to. Orb Man Bad.CUT TOInfluencer CodyYo yo yo what up my n-words this is CJ coming at you with another dead body unpacking video. [holds up a shovel] It’s gonna be tight if I can just… [struggles to move, can’t] Get untangled from all these goddamn selfie sticks… and corpses… While I\u0027m here, let me tell you about Tushy.com etc.CUT TOResistance Grifter CodyCUT TOCartoon CodyCAPTION: Toony Drawston - Toonsman NewsmanOh hello. Here’s some cartoons. The anthropomorphic centipede-filled condom that is Steve Bannon was arrested today when he was caught painting a big sign labeled “donations for border wall” with an arrow pointed toward a hole in the ground… which turned out to simply lead to his vast, slathering maw. Authorities began to suspect the former campaign manager when he gazed longingly at a group of racist boomers and they dissolved into giant, talking bags of money. He is currently awaiting sentencing, but according to the Washingtoon Post, will likely face a punishment of fifty mallots to the skull… or however many will cause him to see fluttering swastikas twirling around his head.CUT TODog CodyCAPTION: Puppy Johnston - Vlog DogDog with tie barks..CUT TOCat CodyCAPTION: Caty Johnston - Dateline Feline / Sleuth PussCat with a tie, will possibly meow.CUT BACK TO DOG CODY - STILL BARKINGTHEN BACK TO CAT CODY - STILL ANGRYCUT TO Jedi CodyCAPTION: Co-Di-Jon Tson - News Master[Long, serious pause] … Star Wars..CUT TOMUPPET CODYCAPTION: Cody The Human - Alphabet \u0026 Police Defunding Advocate(singing) Welcome to the news! It\u0027s time to read the news to all of yous. Yeah, welcome to Some More News. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. (not singing) This just in, our top story tonight, [runs off with arms in the air like Kermit].CUT TOHalf-Boar CodyCAPTION: Boardy Johnswine - Hog Dog / Sow Pal / Snout Lout Here’s boar news. The nation’s truffle supply is up 200% as the last human hideout has been successfully located and gored. President Rump’s popular Just Roll In Dirt initiative has been widely praised, sealing his place as the greatest president in the history of the U-swine-ed States. That’s right, he’s good here. It was him who killed O-Sow-Ma Bin Laden. That’s right, we had a 9/11 but we called it Swine-11 because we’re boars. Everything is boars and we’re having a great time. Mara Wilson Cody (In The Form Of Cameo)CAPTION: Matilda Cody - Not Legally Affiliated With The Film Matilda

Hey there Braiden your mom told me that you’re a very special young boy and you\u0027re also a big fan of my work in (squinting to read) Bojack Horseman? (breaking from script) That seems pretty mature for-- whatever-- Anyway your mother loves you and wanted to share this message for you. (back to script) Here’s Some News… I am Matilda Cody, telekinetic bride of Satan… (still reading) insert floating pencil effect here... And am officially announcing a Matilda sequel based on a spec script written by Cody-- (off script again) oh it’s this fucking guy again. Dude, for the last time I’m not---CUT TOMacCody CulkinCAPTION: MacCody Culkin - What The French Call “Mec de Nouvelles” OR Here’s Some News, Ya Filthy AnimalHi I’m MacCody Culkin. Here’s some MacNews. My skin feels a little warm but that’s probably because I fell asleep in the sun. Not much else to report thanks to the world peace we’ve always had because everyone is a clone of me. MacCody. Let’s move onto sports, which quite frankly aren’t very good because everyone’s pretty evenly-matched. But in soccer news, MacManchester United beat MacLiverpool this week when MacPaul Pogba tied a paint can to the macgoal and swung it into the advancing team… killing several. Anyway that’s the news. [his eyes begin to glow bright red, his voice suddenly serious] We Are Macaulay Culkin. We are the mac-ternal. No man nor macbeast can resist.Hunger Games CodyCAPTION: Codiolanus Showdiolanus - Grand Tsar DudeA happy sun cycle to our cherished citizenry! I am Codiolanus Showdiolanus, grand tsar to the 405th News Tournaments! We have many brave contestulants this year from Region Y in Labor Sector 2X5B, but first we have some born-day announcementicles! Raise your drink pods of News Milk for the very oldest of our great capital!Yathanial Fishbark - 43 years young!Posh Treefall - 42 years young!Finneus Moontangle - 40 years young!Jarmpy Glittergum - 44 years young! Our oldest living citizen indeed!Vestifall Thermostat - 41 years young!Todd - 43 years young!CUT TOPretty Much The Same CodyCAPTION: Cody Johnsfon - Extremely Cody-LikeHi here’s some news. Everything is pretty much the same in this timeline. I’m uh... Just pretty much the same Cody as the one you know. I’m a little more tired, maybe. Got a small cut on the inside of my cheek that’s pretty annoying. But otherwise, nothing really to report. THIS KEEPS HAPPENING until the Cody’s begin to overlap with each other. FILL THE SCREEN, Brady Bunch-style. Codies: Here’s some news. Here’s some news. Here’s some news.Some news…Some news…As the Cody count grows, they transition into a series of BEAUTIFUL STARS amongst the great abyss. Deep, ethereal music plays. Haunting sounds. We’re flying through space. It’s just that scene from 2001. This scene. But instead of Bowman’s face, it’s Cody’s. Just do this scene. You know you want to. FADE TO WHITE.FADE UP ON CODY - FACE-DOWN AT HIS DESK. BEHIND HIM, the OLD BACKGROUND IS BACK. Slowly, he rises. And looks behind him to notice the backdrop. And for a moment, he’s sad.Reaching down, he produces a NOW-DAMAGED TIME DEVICE.2020 CODY: Well, Doc… it’s destroyed. Just like you wanted. A gentle static rises on the screen - and we see HITLER MUSTACHE CODY in the window. 2020 CODY: Man, I don’t need whatever this is.HITLER MUSTACHE CODY: Is your name Cody Johnston?2020 CODY: ...yeah.HITLER MUSTACHE CODY: I’ve got something for you… [reaching into pocket ala BTTF II] a letter.He produces a folded up piece of paper. HITLER MUSTACHE CODY [reading]: Dear past Cody. If my calculations are correct, you will have received this letter immediately after we exploded time. I have sent this Hitler mustache Cody because I thought it would be pretty funny. But we don’t have much time. As I vanish from your timeline, screaming and in pain, I wanted to share my one regret. That I never watched the film Tomorrowland. Your friend in time, Future Cody.He lowers the letter.2020 CODY: Just uh, one question. 

HITLER MUSTACHE CODY: Shoot. 2020 CODY: Why do you have a Hitler mustache? HITLER MUSTACHE CODY: Why do you people keep calling it that? This is clearly a Chaplin Mustache.2020 CODY: Wait did you not have a Hitler in your timeline?HITLER MUSTACHE CODY: No we had one, he just didn’t have a mustache. 2020 CODY: Oh so you’re from a world where the Chaplin mustache is still popular?HITLER MUSTACHE CODY: Oh no not at all. It’s actually pretty frowned upon after Chaplin wiped out all of Canada. Anyway, gotta go. Hail Chaplin.HITLER MUSTACHE CODY IS GONE. Leaving 2020 Cody in shock.2020 CODY: That was… a lot to take in. But… okay... I guess I’ll watch Tomorrowland. I know I said I wouldn’t. And don’t want to. But it’s… what I would have wanted.CAPTION: Exactly two hours and ten minutes later.Back to 2020 CODY - a seemingly CHANGED man.So that was too long. Too long for a movie. Not sure why movies should be that long. But okay, holy shit I guess I should have watched Tomorrowland. Because it’s kinda sorta definitely extremely relevant to all of this. And that’s my arc? That’s a real shame.So the film is about Frank Walker, who grew up a child of the World’s Fair, retro-futurism, generation. And then became a cynical George Clooney type, talking about how the future is damned while looking right at the camera.[CLIP FROM OPENING SCENE of TOMORROWLAND][Movie timecode: 0:00:51 - 0:01:47]Jeez, Clooney, get your own thing. That’s Cody’s thing. And occasionally George Carlin’s thing.CLIP [FROM Bill \u0026 Ted] 2:30 - 2:53.Remember the opening of Bill \u0026 Ted? Where George Carlin describes this exact kind of Jetsons future that’s also coincidentally in Tomorrowland? But also the polar opposite of George Clooney’s intro in Tomorrowland and like… Carlin’s actual attitude in his standup. Except, also, Carlin wrote this monologue himself. So, again:Carlin saying fuck you.Anyway, too many Georges. Back to Cloons. While the Cloons sits there, looking at the camera, talking about how we’re all doomed… he gets heckled by a younger, more optimistic young girl. You know, a real zoomer piece of shit.[Maybe put that part of the clip here]We learn that all the wicked smarts of the world abandoned the Idiocracy and fucked off to this Tomorrowland place, where they could solve all the world’s problems without the distraction of politics or stupid people. And for that reason Tomorrowland is super advanced and the embodiment of that optimistic future we all kinda pictured as kids. The Bill \u0026 Ted world.Then we cut to now. Now being the year the movie was made. That year being 2015- nice timing. And we meet that Zoomer Casey, who is super bummed out at all the adults in her life seemingly haven given up on the future. Her teachers specifically call out the dystopian stories of the past as what is currently happening in the country…CLIP [0:29 - 0:45] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dj47Ms73NG6s\u0026ab_channel\u003dSahajaYogaB Yeah that seems uh, relevant. Way, way too relevant. Like I kinda hate how relevant it is? So then the Zoomer, Clooney, and a robot child go back to Tomorrowland decades after we first see it… only to discover it in shambles. See what happened is that the scientists of Tomorrowland gained the ability to see into the future, and learned, unequivocally, that humanity is going to end in a really short amount of time. They see floods and droughts and war and extinction. They have a timer and everything, a set 100 percent calculation that it is unavoidable. And the machine that predicts the end of days, it turns out, was designed to subconsciously warn the world that disaster was coming so that we could avoid it. But instead of doing that it just bummed out all of humanity into thinking there was nothing we could do. And we started making movies and TV shows based on that idea, and it became a feedback loop. CLIP [0:36 - 1:25] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dOi1rsHkpRLE\u0026ab_channel\u003dCaptainMontgomeryBagger Instead of helping, the people of Tomorrowland have decided to abandon the rest of the world. Building a sort of… dimensional wall if you will… to keep out the undesirables. Fortifying their privileged life in anticipation of a disaster. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.

And then it turns out that the only way to stop it is to destroy the time machine. Because as we learn, it’s the feedback loop that’s the problem. The cynicism, causing the disaster. And the willingness of the younger generation to actually try and change the future, is the thing that changes the future. At least by a fraction.CLIP [Film timecode: 1:04:30 - 1:05:11] (Key moment happens right at the ending 10 seconds)So uh, yeah. Movie where a bitter old guy talks directly at the camera about how the future sucks, and tries to fix it with time travel and then destroys the time machine and therefore the concept of fatalist cynicism to actually fix the future-- I dunno, seems like a silly idea for a movie. But I guess it is the film I kinda needed to watch. It’s not good, and George Clooney has a semi-romantic relationship with a robot child in that film and that’s... fucking odd… So… I guess that bitter, weird Cody wasn’t entirely wrong. About a lot of things-- not sending the Hitler Mustache guy, that was-- that wasn’t a great move. But maybe we are in the opening crawl of some dumb dystopian movie. And maybe it’s very easy to assume, based on everything movies tell us, that we’re going to be one of the last generations. We’ve been conditioned by the media to expect as much, and reality isn\u0027t helping, and it’s easy to just give up because of that. And imprint that doomsaying headspace onto the next generation. But maybe that’s not a great thing to do. Because it\u0027s not a movie.There’s a reason the opening text is the opening text and not the movie itself. Because movies always go as far as the most dramatic version, the worst case version… you know, for funsies. In a way, they are the most cynical outlook on the future. Because you can’t tell a dramatic story of revolution without first introducing horrible oppression, right? We’re never going to watch stories about humanity doing the work to avoid these scenarios. There are no movies about scientists warning a president of something, everybody heeding that warning, and doing the work to avoid the disaster. Because that would be boring, and undramatic, and just involve a lot of people talking, and we\u0027ve internalized that a bit. And it’s easy to forget that. To forget that it’s never too late to do the boring, less cinematic work of avoiding some kind of facist dictatorship or superheated wasteland or whatever they were trying to warn us about in Zardoz. CLIPBut like, man I dunno. I dunno what this is supposed to be. I’m sorry, Zardoz I don’t know what you’re trying to tell me. But we can avoid it, ya know? Whatever that uh, is.Look, we didn’t get a moon landing. All of the big events in our lifetime have been fucking tragic. And while I wish I could say that things will get better soon, they probably won’t. There will be other, smarter, more purposeful fascists after Trump. And all the problems with wealth inequality and police brutality and climate change and so on, they’ll all still be there no matter who wins this election, or the one after that.Like yes, one option is definitely better than the other. There appears to be an entire political party that is spiralling out of control right now. One of the seemingly foundational beliefs of conservatives in this country, their mantra, is simply that everything is fine the way it is. Nothing to see here. No need to complain. Everyone is over exaggerating. Let’s go two steps back. Don’t worry about coronavirus. No, systematic racism isn’t a big deal. Cops aren’t bastards. Or no, climate change isn’t a problem. You know, because humans can adapt to all kinds of things! That phrase, climate change, by the way, was first pushed in the political sphere by the Bush administration - as revealed from a 2003 memo where Republican consultant Frank Luntz recommended they say that instead of the more common global warming because they felt the latter was too frightening. Because again, you don’t wanna alarm people. CLIP: Trump saying he doesn’t want to alarm people - or something equally relevant. 

They do this in the face of overwhelming science, and fact, and evidence. And after Trump, they learned just how much of this they can get away with. And now to see it, in broad daylight, makes you feel like you’re losing your mind. It\u0027s literally the evil guy from the movies. It makes you think about the films that lampooned or warned about this exact kind of mindset. And you can’t help but to conclude that you’re in one. And give up. Or sink to their level. Or for some people these days, to want the apocalypse. To crave it. But the liars, who lie, aren’t wrong about one thing. Humans… can adapt to problems like climate change… by not listening to people like them. We can make it out okay… by panicking, and doing something. Humans, when their backs are against the corner, survive. As a species. But human beings have a concept of time, and cause and effect,, and don\u0027t HAVE to wait until our backs are against the corner. Like, this the hilarious gap conservatives are missing when they talk about how we don’t need to panic and everything will be just fine, we\u0027ll figure it out. That the reason they think that… is because other, smarter people did panic… and are working to fix the thing… and therefore that thing just might be fine. It’s all those times where grifters like Candace Owens will show how coronavirus estimates have lowered as proof that we’re over-reacting… not realizing that the numbers went down because we took measures. They’re like children. Like little dumb children that we have to drag with us toward progress. And when we do find solutions to things like climate change, they’ll use the fact that we’re all not dead to prove that there was never a need to panic. BUMPER/CLIP HERESo yes, things are scary. we\u0027re not stuck in the opening crawl, we\u0027re just still in the opening crawl. We can change things. It feels like the end of the world. And we need to panic a little about that. And then use that panic to do the work to fix it… no matter how many dipshits get in our way. And we humans are good at that. So ultimately… we have nothing to fear. Especially fear itself. We like fear. Fear is how we solve this. So of course… of course I’m gonna just… tweet as hard as I can… to do my part. In tweeting. Gotta tweet. Always tweet. I mentioned the new Bill and Ted earlier, which - and again, spoilers - ends on the revelation that it’s not Bill or Ted who possess the ability to fix the future… but rather their two kids. And in the film they actually step aside and give control to the next generation, while still supporting their instincts and decisions. As Kristen Schall\u0027s character says at one point.ClipThey don\u0027t trust the fungus, they trust Daisy. Or in terms of Tomorrowland, it’s the zoomer kid’s optimism. Not her ability to solve the problem, but her willingness to seek a solution. The important part of that solution, aside from like that word movie generations talks about and the older generations giving up their stranglehold on power, is that everyone is on the same page. Playing the same song, which turns out to be the goal of Bill \u0026 Ted. The song isn’t what unites the world, it’s the fact that the world unites over the goal of playing the song. In the same key. Tools in hands. Led by the kids. The youth.[ideally we show some of the song here without me watching, just let the moment play out and inspire]So I guess, watch Bill \u0026 Ted Face The Music. It’s fun. Good work, uh… [getting out phone] Bill and Ted writer Ed Solomon… whose credits include Men In Black, the original Bill and Ted and… [reading on phone] Super Mario Brothers the movie. Wha-- how-- I should have known.CLIP of Mario Mario and Luigi Mario getting the Goombas to dance in the elevator.For a moment, Cody just stares off into space.Alright, so the point is that this shitty timeline is the only one we have, and a brighter future is possible, it just requires work, and to keep working even if the cartoon villain gets defeated. Which means it’s up to me, and only me, right now, to drive to my old studio… and get that goddamn backdrop myself. 

CUT TO INDIANA JONES MAP OF CODY GOING TO THE STUDIOThen back to the screen, as Cody proudly finishes putting up his old backdrop.2020 CODY: Ah yes. And now I’m back to my familiar situation, having changed. Allegedly, this could have been delivered to me, you don\u0027t know. Well, we did it folks. We got my old backdrop back and along with it slightly less despair for I don\u0027t know a few weeks or something… and all it took was an adventure that was probably well over two hours long. Like wow, probably didn’t need to be that long, ya know? A lot of extra stuff that didn’t have to be there. OLDIE CODY APPEARS, PLEASED.OLDIE CODY: You did it, Cody! You fixed the tone! I knew you had it in you.2020 CODY: Oh hey, mysterious old man…OLDIE CODY: I’m you!2020 CODY [not listening]: So hey, if you didn’t want me to mess with time travel then why did you give me the time device in the first place?OLDIE CODY: Oh you know. I’m pretty old and had nothing really going on. But what’s important is that you finally learned your lesson, or whatever. And now the movie’s over. And we can all reinvigorate ourselves with hope for the possibility, of heading towards, a potentially brighter future. It\u0027s like Luigi Luigi says…1:03:27 - \

